Overview
This Python script uses the pyautogui library to automate typing and sending text from a file. The script reads lines from a file named spamfile.txt and simulates typing each line followed by pressing the "Enter" key. The automation begins after a 5-second delay.

Requirements
Python 3.x
pyautogui library
Installation
Before running the script, ensure you have the pyautogui library installed. You can install it using pip:

bash
Copy code
pip install pyautogui
Script Explanation
Importing Libraries

python
Copy code
import pyautogui
import time
pyautogui: A library for programmatically controlling the mouse and keyboard.
time: Provides time-related functions, used here to introduce a delay.
Delay Before Execution

python
Copy code
time.sleep(5)
Pauses the script for 5 seconds. This gives the user time to switch to the target application where the text will be typed.
Opening and Reading the File

python
Copy code
with open("spamfile.txt" ,"r") as f:
Opens spamfile.txt in read mode. The with statement ensures the file is properly closed after reading.
Processing Each Line

python
Copy code
for lines in f:
    pyautogui.typewrite(lines)
    pyautogui.press("enter")
Iterates over each line in the file.
pyautogui.typewrite(lines): Types out the content of each line.
pyautogui.press("enter"): Simulates pressing the "Enter" key to send the text.
Usage
Create a text file named spamfile.txt with the content you want to automate.
Run the script. After a 5-second delay, the script will start typing the content of the file line by line and pressing "Enter" for each line.
Notes
Make sure the focus is on the correct text input area where you want the text to be typed.
Be cautious with automation scripts to avoid unintended spamming or disruption.
Example spamfile.txt Content
kotlin
Copy code
Hello, this is a test message.
This is the second line of text.
Troubleshooting
Issue: The script does not type the text.
Solution: Ensure the focus is on an editable text field when the script starts typing.
Issue: pyautogui is not installed.
Solution: Install it using the command pip install pyautogui.
